- WHEN IN TRANSPORT REMOVE THE GAS PIPES IN ORDER TO GIVE IT A WAY OUT: changing preassure (e.g. Coimbra-Madrid) can change the shape of the RPCs if they are closed. Actually a spark chamber broke in the past because of this.

The FEE can used to calculate the charge. Lets remember that the charge is related with the width of the LVDS that the FEE sends to the TRB. The thing is that there are different methods to get a LVDS width from the original RPC signal. One of them is the **TOT** (Time over Threshold), which is a method that gets the width of the LVDS according to how much time the charge signal is over a certain discriminator. Since the shape of the charge respect to time is presumably dependent only on the total charge (meaning that total integrated value, amplitude and shape are directly related), we can guess the total height of the signal from the width at a certain height. According to the type of signal to which we are applying the TOT, we can classify:
- Standard: just the regular Q vs. time function.
- Integrated: integrate the signal so we could measure eventually at a relatively long time the maximum height to know the total charge. This method is slow, since the integrated signal just reaches a top that later has to be lowered, but also not totally compatible with the TOT method. The lowering of the signal is so slow that the dead time is very high.
- Integrated and derivated: the signal is integrated and at the same time it is derivated so it would be overall thicker than the original RPC signal but it is thick enough to allow the TOT to apply. The speed of the derivation (which lowers the signal) determines why it is called fast electronics; the faster the better, even though there is a handicap in lowering the signal to fast: THE same charge avalanche inside the RPC could be measured twice as two different, independent signals, and this is because the ions take microseconds to totally get to the strip: they are much slower than the electronics. This has to be solved if we want faster electronics, but some filters could work.

From the TOT and knowing the method we apply to modify the signal we can eventually derive a value for the charge in AU. If we can get the *charge calibration curve* we can transform from charge in AU (arbitrary units) to those of proper charge: Coulombs. **And the transformation is non-linear, so it will slightly change the spectrum shape**.


## Gas flow:
**The camping blue valve, when closed, still lets some gas flow.** Also take into account that once closed the gas still has 6 bars of pressure, so it will take around 15-20 min to fully stop flowing. Then the detector will just work with the gas it has, but with no pressure, so it will start to leak and loose the purity of the R134A.
