The system also creates and calculates a series of quatities once per day, for each RPC layer, and saves them to `~/gate/system/devices/RPC0<n>/data/dcData/data` (where `<n>` is the RPC number, 1 to 4).

- `<date>_Eff.mat` : Efficiency over time
- `<date>_EffMap.mat` : Efficiency map :
    - `dateRegularFormat` : Scalar :
    - `variable1` :
    - `variable2` :
    - `variable3` :
- `<date>_Flow.mat` :
- `<date>_Q.mat` : 
- `<date>_QMapMean.mat` : 
- `<date>_QMean.mat` : 
- `<date>_QMeanNoST.mat` : 
- `<date>_QMedian.mat` : 
- `<date>_QMedianNoST.mat` : 
- `<date>_Rate.mat` :
- `<date>_STMap.mat` :
- `<date>_Str.mat` :
- `<date>_xyMap.mat` :

The system also saves monitoring quantities in `~/gate/system/devices/RPC01/data/dcData/data`

## Efficiency

For this detector we are calculating the efficiency without taking into account geometric concerns.

In order to guarantee with a high degree of certainty that what we are detecting are muons, we acquire data in coincidence mode. This is, we only consider a hit a real event if it gets detected in 3 of the RPC layers, and then we look at the remaining layer.
The proportion of events that get detected in the 4 RPCs vs the events that only get detected in 3 RPCs is what we take as our efficiency. (I think???: I'll Ask Alberto)

Since we also have information of the location of the hit within the RPC, we can plot a map of efficiency for each RPC.

## Charge

Information about the charge deposited by the event is coded into the length of the digital pulses generated by the DABC electronic boards. However, we have 2 connections to each strip (front and back), and furthermore, we can have multiple hits in different strips within the coincidence window. Thus, the way we select the value of the charge of each event is as follows:
1. For each strip, calculate the average charge Q between the front and back.
2. For each hit within the coincidence window in one RPC, choose the largest Q.

## Location

From the raw data we can obtain information about the location (X,Y) of each event within the RPC active area:

- X : Strip number. Since we do not know exactly where along the width of the strip the event took place, we add or subtract a random number proportional to our expected resolution in Y (~ 1 cm) 
- Y : $\Delta t \cdot v_p$ : Time difference $\Delta t$ of the timestamps `Tn_F`,`Tn_B` of the front and back signal, multiplied by the propagation velocity $v_p$ of the signal within the strip. Has to be calibrated to take into account the length of the cables and other components which can introduce an offset to $\Delta t$.
